---
date: 2016-09-11 09:33:54
title: 'Changes or day first'
type: post
---

On August 24th, 2016, I hitchhiked to Lake Baikal… Although, I’d better look a little further into the past.

On the evening of August 23rd, I began to pack up my first hitchhiking. I put a sleeping bag into my school backpack,
which I have been with for more than 10 years, twisted a mat outside into its lower loops and hooked a ‘LENTA’ tent for
almost 800 ₽ behind them, then stuffed inside all sorts of little things, such as paste‐brushes‐containers for
lenses‐charging‐a little bit of the food‐hats and socks. My maximalism was stifled by the enlightenment of prudence and
I took with me a card with 0 ₽ in my account and 125 ₽ in cash.

![](IMG_20160903_071525.jpg)

August 24th. Morning on my nerves, because I piss to go out of my ‘greenhouse’ (going somewhere, almost without money,
alone, for the first time in 10 years or more). I ate, got ready, said goodbye, and went. It was raining outside, which
went well with the holes in the soles of the sneakers. Naturally, my feet immediately got wet, on which I unwisely don’t
care. At the bus stop near the house, I decided to use the money to save time and drove for 22 rubles to the highway to
Kansk.

And now it is!

Without voting for 10 minutes, I was successful: I was picked up by a truck. The driver was from ‘Central Asia’ and
spoke Russian and tried to speak. I rode to Berezovka and he wished me a happy journey. We didn’t even know the names of
each other. Then 5 minutes of waiting and the second car: Alexander on the wagon. I rode to Kuskunka if memory does not
fail. Next 15 minutes of waiting and “Zhenya” on Largus. He turned out to be a hitchhiker from the 90s, already retired.
Traveled almost all of the ex‐USSR. When he found out that I was on Baikal, he said something like: “Damn, you FUCK
there! The water is pure, the nature is awesome. It cannot be explained, just believe me.” He strongly advised me to
visit the tundra lakes and generally travel around the country. We reached Uyar almost. Then the NAMELESS SULLEN DRIVER
on the VAZ 9th. He refused to give the name and said that we would ride in silence. Under the old radio were cassettes
(cassettes, damn it! In 2016!) From the series “chanson, wolf”s share, my life is a tin’. We reached Kansk in silence.

![](PANO_20160824_125025.jpg)

Then the hitchhiking stopped working and I went on foot from the stele ‘Kansk’.

![](IMG_20160824_130634.jpg)

As a result, I blunted and went through the bypass. I had to go through the whole city. It took half a day and two
calluses. Kansk turned out to be a terrible hole: a crap village, which for some reason has the status of a ‘city’. It
was about an hour at the exit from the city, although the location was good! Then the truck stopped that took Taishet.
It is interesting that the driver drove past me, realized that he had forgotten the goods in the store in Kansk, which
he had bought, and drove back, and then on the way back, he saw me a second time and, then, picked me up. We arrived at
Taishet at almost 21 o’clock and it was already dark. I decided to spend the night and put up a tent under the trees
near the track. The first overnight stay!..
